add documentation about GDAL/PROJ performance regression (#356)
cogeotiff/rio-tiler: README.md

$ pip install -e .
```

## GDAL>=3.0 / PROJ>=6.0 performances issue

> `rio-tiler` is often used for dynamic tiling, where we need to perform small tasks involving croping and reprojecting the input data. Starting wiht GDAL>=3.0 the project shifted to PROJ>5 which introduced new ways to store projection metadata (using a uniq SQLite database and/or cloud stored grids). This change introduced some performance regression as mentioned in https://mapserver.gis.umn.edu/id/development/rfc/ms-rfc-126.html:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rio-tiler` is often used for dynamic tiling, where we need to perform small tasks involving cropping and reprojecting the input data. Starting with GDAL>=3.0 the project shifted to PROJ>=6, which introduced new ways to store projection metadata (using a SQLite database and/or cloud stored grids). This change introduced a performance regression as mentioned in https://mapserver.gis.umn.edu/id/development/rfc/ms-rfc-126.html:
```

> using naively the equivalent calls proj_create_crs_to_crs() + proj_trans() would be a major performance killer, since proj_create_crs_to_crs() can take a time in the order of 100 milliseconds in the most complex situations.

We believe the issue reported in [issues/346](https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler/issues/346) is in fact due to :point_up:.

> To get the best performances out of `rio-tiler` we recommand for now to use GDAL **2.4** until a solution can be found in GDAL or in PROJ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the best performances out of `rio-tiler` we recommend for now to use GDAL **2.4** until a solution can be found in GDAL or in PROJ.
```

> Note: Starting with rasterio 1.2.0, the wheels are distributed with GDAL 3.2 and thus we recommand using rasterio==1.1.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Starting with rasterio 1.2.0, rasterio's wheels are distributed with GDAL 3.2 and thus we recommend using rasterio==1.1.8 if using the default wheels, which include GDAL 2.4.
```
